This Network Publisher Agreement (the "Agreement") is made by and agreed to
between Carbon Networks LLC., Carbon Networks LLC, a Washington limited
liability company, ("Carbon Networks," "Carbon Ads," "We" or "Us"), and you
("PUBLISHER", "You," or "Your"). Carbon Networks owns and operates the "Carbon
Ads" web site, which has the following URL: carbonads.com. Carbon is an
invite-only advertising network that connects Publishers with Advertisers.
Carbon Ads and PUBLISHER agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

1.1 "Above-the-Fold" means situated at either the top right or top left of a web
page, without requiring the user to scroll horizontally or vertically through
the web page, that is designed to be visible on a standard computer screen with
a resolution of 1024 pixels by 768 pixels.

1.2 "Advertiser" means another person or entity that is not a Publisher or
Carbon Ads.

1.3 "Impression" means a single display of a Carbon Ad to a reader or user.

1.4 "Carbon Ad" refers to the photos, text, graphics, images or other material
and code for a link to the Advertiserâ€™s web site that is to be placed on the
Publisherâ€™s web site.

1.5 "Publisher" means any independent owner or operator of an Internet website
that hosts a Carbon Ad.

1.6 "Circles" are a virtual group of publisher's organized according to content
and impressions.

2. Carbon Ads Network Program Terms.

2.1 Unless otherwise agreed to in writing, the agreement between Carbon Ads and
the Publisher is that 100% of the ads on the site are provided through Carbon.
We reserve the right to remove the service should other ads appear on the
publisher's website.

2.1 Membership. Publisher's participation in the Carbon Ad Network is subject to
Carbon Ads approval. Upon approval, Carbon Ads will assign you to a Circle.

2.2 Ad Placement. Unless otherwise agreed to in writing, Publisher agrees to
display Carbon Ads Above-the-Fold on all the pages of the website Publisher
registered with Carbon Ads. Publisher also agrees not to modify or alter in any
way Carbon Ads, including but not limited to refraining from removing or
altering any copyright or trademark notices.

2.3 Stylized Placement. A Style Guide will be provided, and must be followed to
ensure that ads are placed and stylized to fit in with the look and feel of your
site.

2.4 Advertise links per site. We ask that you update all of your 'Advertise'
links on your site to link to this URL: http://carbonads.com

2.5 Referral Links. We allow hosting and job listing recommendations alongside
the ads placed on your site. You're right, this is an exception to our "single
ad" rule, but it's the only exception.

2.6 Regularly Published Content. We want all the PUBLISHER's in the Carbon Ad
Network to be regularly updating their sites with new and relevant content. At
no time will content be forced upon a site, and we have no guidelines as to what
"regular updates" means to you. But we reserve the right, if we feel a site has
been abandoned, to remove it from the network.

2.7 Compensation. In consideration of PUBLISHERâ€™s placement of Carbon Ads on
PUBLISHERâ€™s website as specified under this Agreement, Carbon Ads will pay
PUBLISHER a commission. The number of Publishers in Your Circle and the number
of Advertisers advertising in Your Circle may change at any time and, as a
result, the commission paid to You may vary on a monthly basis. On the 5th day
of each calendar month, (Unless the 5th falls on a non business day) Carbon Ads
will pay Your commission for Your previous calendar monthâ€™s activity.

2.8 Advertiser Removal. Carbon Ads reserves the right to refuse service, within
its sole discretion, to any new or existing Advertiser. Carbon Ads will also
remove any Advertiser from Your Circle if a majority (51%) of the Publishers in
Your Circle send written notice, (such as an email), to Carbon Ads requesting
the removal of an Advertiser.

3. Term of the Agreement. The term of this Agreement will begin upon Your assent
   to this Agreement by providing the necessary information and "clicking
   through" the acceptance button on Carbon web site ("Effective Date"). This
   Agreement shall continue until terminated by either party upon 60 days
   written notice. Carbon Ads may terminate this Agreement by written notice,
   effective immediately, as a result of non-performance or any breach of the
   Agreement by You. If this Agreement is terminated for any reason, You are
   only eligible to receive payment for activity through the date of
   termination.

4. Representations and Warranties.

4.1 By PUBLISHER. As a material inducement for Carbon Ads entry into and
performance of this Agreement, PUBLISHER represents and warrants that:

(a) PUBLISHER has the full right and authority to enter into and perform this
Agreement; (i) the person assenting to this Agreement by providing the necessary
information and "clicking through" the acceptance button on Carbon web site is
authorized to do so; (ii) the execution, consent or acknowledgment of no other
party is necessary in order to validate PUBLISHERâ€™s entry into and performance
of this Agreement; (iii) PUBLISHERâ€™s entry into and performance of this
Agreement do not violate any agreement binding on PUBLISHER; (iv) this Agreement
is a legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligation of PUBLISHER;

(b) PUBLISHER has the authority to operate PUBLISHERâ€™s web site, PUBLISHER is
responsible for the content of PUBLISHERâ€™s website and the content of
PUBLISHERâ€™s website does not violate any intellectual property rights, state
laws or federal laws.

(c) PUBLISHER shall remain solely responsible for any and all web sites owned or
operated by PUBLISHER.

4.2 By Carbon Ads. As a material inducement for PUBLISHERâ€™s entry into and
performance of this Agreement, Carbon Ads represents and warrants that:

(a) Carbon Networks is a limited liability company, validly existing and in good
standing under Washington law;

(b) Carbon Ads has the full right and authority to enter into and perform this
Agreement; the execution, consent or acknowledgement of no other party is
necessary in order to validate Carbon Adsâ€™ entry into and performance of this
Agreement; (iii) Carbon Adsâ€™ entry into and performance of this Agreement do
not violate any agreement binding on Carbon Ads; and (iv) this Agreement is a
legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligation of Carbon Ads.

5. Disclaimers and Limitations.

5.1 Business Operations. Each party will make reasonable commercial efforts to
keep its web site operational during normal business hours. However, the parties
agree that there may be system downtime and agree not to hold each other or
Advertisers liable for any of the consequences of such interruptions.

5.2 Limitation of Liabilities. Carbon Ads IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL,
EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR
OTHER DATA ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR CARBON NETWORKS
ADVERTISING PROGRAM, EVEN IF Carbon Ads HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE. Carbon Adsâ€™ LIABILITY OR OBLIGATION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE
LIMITED TO THE TOTAL NUMBER OF YOUR PAYMENTS RECEIVED BY YOU UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT DURING THE YEAR PRECEDING THE CLAIM.

5.3 Disclaimer. Carbon Ads MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES REGARDING Carbon WEB SITE, ANY Carbon AD, OR Carbon ADVERTISING
NETWORK PROGRAM INCLUDING, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, OR ANY WARRANTY
ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE. Carbon Ads IS, UNDER NO
CIRCUMSTANCES, RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PRACTICES, ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF ANY
ADVERTISER OR PUBLISHER, OR THE CONTENT OF ANY ADVERTISERâ€™S OR PUBLISHERâ€™S
WEB SITE(S).

6. Indemnifications. PUBLISHER agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Carbon Ads
   and its directors, officers, employees, agents and authorized representatives
   from and against any costs, losses, liabilities and expenses (including court
   costs and reasonable attorneysâ€™ fees) that Carbon Ads may suffer, incur or
   be subjected to by reason of any legal action, arbitration or other claim by
   a third party arising out of or as a result of a breach of PUBLISHERâ€™s
   representations, warranties and agreements made under this Agreement.

7. Confidentiality. PUBLISHER or Carbon Ads may provide the other with
   information that is confidential or proprietary to that party or a third
   party. PUBLISHER agrees not to disclose proprietary or confidential
   information to any third party or otherwise use such information except as
   made public by Carbon Ads or expressly permitted under this Agreement.
   PUBLISHER also agrees to take reasonable measures to prevent the disclosure
   of the confidential or proprietary information.

8. Miscellaneous Provisions.

8.1 Relationships of Parties. The parties to this agreement are independent
contractors and no partnership, joint venture, agency, franchise, sales
representative or employment relationship shall exist as a result of the parties
entering into this Agreement.

8.2 Proprietary Rights. Publisher agrees to allow Carbon Ads to use
PUBLISHERâ€™s trademarks, service marks, tradenames or copyrighted material that
PUBLISHER provides to Carbon Ads to promote your participation in Carbon
Advertising Network Program. PUBLISHER also agrees not to adopt or use in any
manner any trademarks, tradenames, services marks or URLs that are the same or
confusingly similar to those of Carbon Ads. PUBLISHER also agrees that PUBLISHER
obtains no rights in Carbon Adsâ€™ or any Advertiserâ€™s trademarks, tradenames,
service marks or copyrighted material.

8.3 Choice of Law/Attorneyâ€™s Fees. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the state of
Washington, except for its conflict of laws provisions. Neither party will
commence or prosecute any suit, proceeding or claim to enforce the provisions of
this Agreement, to recover damages for breach of or default under this
Agreement, or otherwise arising under or by reason of this Agreement, other than
in the state or federal courts of King County, State of Washington. Each party
hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts in
connection with any action, suit, proceeding or claim arising under or by reason
of this Agreement. A party that primarily prevails in an action brought under
this Agreement is entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable
attorneysâ€™ fees and costs.

8.4 Assignments. This Agreement shall not be assigned without the prior written
consent of the other party.

8.5 No Waiver. A waiver by either party of a default by the other party or of
any right hereunder shall be effective only if it is in writing signed by the
waiving party and shall not be construed as a waiver of any other default or
right, whether similar or dissimilar.

8.6 Transfer. Neither party may sell, assign, or otherwise transfer, or attempt
to sell, assign, or other transfer, all or any portion of its rights or
obligations under or otherwise in connection with this Agreement without the
prior written consent of the other; provided, however, the foregoing prohibition
shall not apply to any sale of all or substantially all of one Partyâ€™s assets
or any merger or reorganization to which consent of the other Party is not
required.

8.7 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of Carbon Ads and PUBLISHER and their permitted successors and assigns.

8.8 Force Majeure. Neither party shall be held liable for any delay or failure
in performance of any part of this Agreement from any cause beyond its control
and without its fault or negligence, including but not limited to acts of God,
acts of civil or military authority, power blackouts, failure of Internet
service providers and default due to Internet disruption (including without
limitation denial of service attacks).

8.9 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be
unenforceable or invalid, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect. The waiver of any breach of any provision of
this Agreement by any party shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding
or subsequent breach, nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

8.10 Entire Agreement and Amendments. This Agreement contains all of the
agreements of the parties hereto with respect to the matters contained herein
and all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, oral or written,
pertaining to any such matters are merged herein and shall not be effective for
any purpose. This Agreement may only be modified by a written instrument that is
assented to by each party to this Agreement by signing the written instrument or
through a "click through" acknowledgement of assent and indicates that it is an
amendment of this Agreement. However, Carbon Ads shall have the right to modify
this Agreement, in whole or in part, by posting the revised Agreement 14 days
prior to the effective date of the modified Agreement. PUBLISHERâ€™s continued
use of Carbon Network after the effective date of the modified Agreement shall
be deemed PUBLISHERâ€™s acceptance of any and all revisions to this Agreement.

Want to be a part of the network? Become part of an awesome Circle of
like-minded Publishers and advertisers just like you, joining together into the
larger circle that is the Carbon Ad Network.

BY CLICKING THE "I ACCEPT" BUTTON YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS
AGREEMENT AND, IF AN INDIVIDUAL, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU WERE AT
LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE ON THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT.
